so you bought your stevia now that you
have it you may be wondering how you're
going to use it maybe you'll use it to
sweeten your coffee maybe you'll use
stevia to sweeten some refreshing
lemonade or iced tea what about desserts
with stevia hi I'm Lisa jobs author of
sensational stevia desserts I'm here to
tell you that you can make healthy
dessert recipes using stevia instead of
sugar to reduce calories carbohydrates
and sugar intake today I'm going to show
you how to make cannoli filling a very
easy and healthy dessert using stevia
instead of sugar my book is full of all
kinds of great desserts just like this
one so let's get started the first thing
to do is measure out all of your
ingredients in your mixing bowl you'll
need ricotta cheese stevia extract
vanilla extract ground cinnamon
chocolate chips and of course your
cannoli shells start your mixer and
blends ingredients until the cheese
becomes creamy
add your chips by hand you can also add
dried fruit like you using fruitcake for
the traditional Italian cannoli my
family prefers the filling without the
fruit now cover the bowl it's best to
chill the filling for at least a few
hours or overnight for maximum flavor
now it's time to fill the shell I use a
dessert decorator to fill my shelves but
you can simply use a small teaspoon you
could enjoy the filling without the
shells and further reduce your carb
intake if you like look for this and
other great tasting sample recipes on my
website WWD via dessert calm we're in
sensational Stevie desserts
check it out and live a healthier
lifestyle